N27: graph game (#820)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/027/index.md

[@17cupsofcoffee]: https://twitter.com/17cupsofcoffee
[lonely-star-source]: https://github.com/17cupsofcoffee/lonely-star

> ### [Graph Game](https://vrixyz.github.io/graph_nav/)
> 
> ![image/gameplay of the game: circle and triangles](graph_game.gif)
> _Navigating the graph map can be stressful_
> 
> The [Graph Game](https://github.com/Vrixyz/graph_nav) uses
> [bevy engine](https://bevyengine.org/), you can play it from
> [browser](https://vrixyz.github.io/graph_nav/) 🕹️, click on colored triangles,
> guess the rules and survive as long as possible!
> 
> Be warned, the development just began,
> and the future of the project is not clear,
> feel free to come discuss 💬 with the developer on
> [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZeRkj8pD4n).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [Graph Game]

![image/gameplay of the game: circle and triangles](graph_game.gif)
_Navigating the graph map can be stressful_

[Graph Game] ([GitHub][graph-game-github])
uses [Bevy](https://bevyengine.org/) as its engine. You can play it from your
[browser](https://vrixyz.github.io/graph_nav/) - click on colored triangles,
guess the rules and survive as long as possible!

Development has just begun, and the future of the project is not clear -
the developer welcomes you to come and discuss next steps on the game's
[Discord server][graph-game-discord].

[Graph Game]: https://vrixyz.github.io/graph_nav/
[graph-game-github]: https://github.com/Vrixyz/graph_nav
[graph-game-discord]: https://discord.gg/ZeRkj8pD4n
```

[@17cupsofcoffee]: https://twitter.com/17cupsofcoffee
[lonely-star-source]: https://github.com/17cupsofcoffee/lonely-star

### [Graph Game]

![image/gameplay of the game: circle and triangles](graph_game.gif)
_Navigating the graph map can be stressful_

[Graph Game] ([GitHub][graph-game-github])
uses [Bevy](https://bevyengine.org/) as its engine. You can play it from your
[browser](https://vrixyz.github.io/graph_nav/) - click on colored triangles,
guess the rules and survive as long as possible!

Development has just begun, and the future of the project is not clear -
the developer welcomes you to come and discuss next steps on the game's
[Discord server][graph-game-discord].

[Graph Game]: https://vrixyz.github.io/graph_nav/
[graph-game-github]: https://github.com/Vrixyz/graph_nav

> [graph-game-discord]: https://discord.gg/ZeRkj8pD4n
> ## Engine Updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[graph-game-discord]: https://discord.gg/ZeRkj8pD4n

## Engine Updates
```
